welcome to Sri know there's peace today
we will see how to make chicken fried
rice wash and soak 1 cup of basmati rice
in one and quarter cups of water for
half an hour after half an hour pour the
water from the soak the rice into a
pressure cooker turn on the flame and
when the water starts boiling add 1 TSP
of olive oil 1 TSP of lemon juice a
little salt and soak the rice steer well
now place the lid and wait for the first
whistle keep the flame in medium mode
and when the whistle is about to come
turn off the flame the pressure has come
down open the cooker
now allow it to cool
take one cup of boneless chicken and cut
it into small strips
now add 1/2 teaspoon of pepper powder 1
teaspoon of corn flour 1 teaspoon of
soya sauce and a little salt mix well
marinate this for 15 minutes
after 15 minutes heat one tablespoon of
oil in a pan and fry the marinated
chicken pieces
try this over low flame for 5 minutes in
Dunedin
now spear fry this till it becomes light
round the color has changed turn off the
flame and keep it aside beat one egg in
a bowl and keep it aside heat 2
tablespoons of olive oil in a pan and
saute 1 teaspoon of finely chopped
ginger and 1 teaspoon of finely chopped
garlic saute this for some time and add
3 tablespoons of spring on invite saute
this till it becomes transparent and add
1 tablespoon of finely chopped carrot
and 1 tablespoon of finely chopped
capsicum
now push the vegetable to one-third of
the pan and pour the beaten egg
wait for some time
and crumbly
mix this with the vegetable
now add the fried chicken pieces 1
teaspoon of soya sauce and 1 teaspoon of
chili garlic sauce
mix well
it's time for us to add the cook the
rice spear well
now add 1/2 teaspoon of white pepper
powder and 1 teaspoon of vinegar if you
want add 1 pinch of ajinomoto it's
optional stir well
take salt and if you want add a little
more
mix well
now add 2 tablespoons of spring onion
greens
mix well and turn off the flame
chicken fried rice is ready to serve
please do try and post your feedback